Add docs for exportPdf plugin (#307)
ckeditor/ckeditor4-docs: docs/features/exportpdf/README.md

## Supported features

All the formatting and content structure you create using the editor is maintained in the output file. See the tips for {@link features/exportpdf/README#reaching-the-best-projection reaching the optimal projection} to learn how to configure the plugin and editor to best suite your needs.

As for the compatibility, plugin works on all the browsers {@link guide/dev/browsers/README supported for CKEditor 4} except for Internet Explorers older than version 11.

## Configuration

### Reaching the best projection

Due to the differences between browsers and operating systems it is not always possible to reach a perfect match between content in editor and PDF. However a lot can be done to ensure the differences will be hardly noticable.

> For example, make the editor width correspond with the chosen paper format for output file - e.g. for the `A4` format (which is used by the export service [by default](https://pdf-converter.cke-cs.com/docs#section/PDF-options/Page-format)) the editor width should be equal to `840px`. Then mind the margins; if they are changed for the PDF using [custom config](https://pdf-converter.cke-cs.com/docs#section/PDF-options/Margins), also update them for editor. To take things a step further you may experiment with {@link guide/dev/example_setups/README#document-editor Document Editor setup}.

Reviewer: I would skip `For example` since it is the most important thing here :stuck\_out\_tongue: Also section on margins should link to something like `addCss` so person reading it also can check how to adjust margins in CKEditor 4 itself.

### Custom CSS rules

> Besides the inline styles, in order to mimic the editor content all the CKEditor 4 CSS rules are sent to the service. But let's say your company has a strict heading color policy: it has to be <span style="color:#4B0082">indigo</span> (`#4B0082`), definitely not <span style="color:#483D8B">dark slate blue</span> (`#483D8B`)! Fortunately you do not have to remember to change it every time. It is possible to attach your own custom CSS stylesheet via {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config.exportPdf_stylesheet CKEDITOR.config.exportPdf_stylesheet} configuration option or just add some styles with {@linkapi CKEDITOR.addCss} method.

Reviewer: `{@linkapi CKEDITOR.config.exportPdf_stylesheet CKEDITOR.config.exportPdf_stylesheet}`

That will require some magic, since the plugin is not the part of presets we will need to copy it to `ckeditor4` directory for the time of docs generation so the API docs could be parsed :thinking: And having in mind that plugin code will be obfuscated we will need to extract API docs to a separate file for plugin dist probably? :thinking: :scream:

Author: Another option is putting all the config options in the `features` instead of in `API` section - AFAICS this is the way this problem was resolved for [Spreadsheet plugin](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor4/latest/guide/dev_spreadsheets.html#automatically-convert-existing-tables)?

Author: Needless to say it's not a dream way of dealing with this problem.

Reviewer: > Another option is putting all the config options in the `Features` instead of `API` section - AFAICS this is the way this problem was resolved for [Spreadsheet plugin](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor4/latest/guide/dev_spreadsheets.html#automatically-convert-existing-tables)?

Yes, that was kind of a workaround there. When working on Export to PDF dist version building recently I already see that extracting comments is doable so we should be fine here :crossed\_fingers:

### Output file configuration

A number of options like output file format or margins can be set in the {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config.exportPdf_options CKEDITOR.config.exportPdf_options} object. It is sent to the service along with the HTML and CSS and processed on the server side. To check out the possible configurations, visit the [service documentation](https://pdf-converter.cke-cs.com/docs).

### Data preprocessing

Plugin provides a custom {@linkapi CKEDITOR.editor#exportPdf exportPdf event}. It can be used for custom data processing (e.g. to ensure the output text will be black, not <span style="color:pink;background-color:yellow">pink on yellow background</span>). Editor uses it too, so just remember to add the right priority to the listener:

* 1-14: Data is available in the original string format.

> * 15: Data is processed by the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 15: Data is preprocessed by the plugin.
```

Can we elaborate here (or below) what will be changed in this step?

Author: As we obfuscate the plugin I wasn't sure how mysterious we want to be, but since we have e.g. a section about relative and absolute URLs I guess it's not such a big secret :see\_no\_evil:

> * 16-19: Data that will be sent to the service can be modified.

Reviewer: Basically, data can be modified at any point so this is not entirely true - it just depends if one would like to modify original data or the one after our modifications.

* 20: Data is sent to the service.

### Asynchronous preprocessing

It is even possible to run some asynchronous tasks before sending data to the server. To do this simply stop the event and set the flag telling that process is not finished yet. After it is done, remove flag and refire the `exportPdf` event:

	editor.on( 'exportPdf', function( evt ) {
		// Stop the event if the async process is still on.
		if ( !evt.data.asyncDone ) {
			evt.cancel();
		} else {
			delete evt.data.asyncDone;
		}
	} );

	editor.on( 'exportPdf', function( evt ) {
		// Here e.g. some AJAX request can be sent; after it is done set the flag to `true`:
		evt.data.asyncDone = true;

		// Refire the event.
		editor.fire( 'exportPdf', evt.data );

> 	}, null, null, 1 );

Reviewer: ```js
    editor.on( 'exportPdf', function( evt ) {
        // Let's call some asynchronous function here, like an Ajax request. Flag processing as in progress.
        evt.data.asyncDone = false;

        ajaxRequestForAdditionalData( evt.editor, function() {
            // Ajax call is done, let's mark processing as done and refire 'exportPdf` event.
            evt.data.asyncDone = true;
            editor.fire( 'exportPdf', evt.data );
        } );
    }, null, null, 1 );

    editor.on( 'exportPdf', function( evt ) {
        // Stop the event if the async process is still on.
        if ( !evt.data.asyncDone ) {
            evt.cancel();
        }
    } );
```

WDYT?

### Relative vs absolute URLs

> Assets like images can be attached using relative URLs, but before data is sent to the service, relative links are converted to absolute ones. In some cases it will mean that data will not be accessible by the server (e.g. if it is referenced locally or through the infranet) - remember to expose such assets globally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assets like images can be attached using relative URLs, but before data is sent to the service, relative links are converted to absolute ones. In some cases it will mean that data will not be accessible by the server (e.g. if it is referenced locally or through the infranet) - remember to expose such assets publicly or use absolut URLs to publicly available assets.
```

Maybe we could also mention [`baseHref`](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-baseHref). So one can have assets storage exposed somewhere else?

As for the compatibility, plugin works on all the browsers {@link guide/dev/browsers/README supported for CKEditor 4} except for Internet Explorers older than version 11.

## Configuration

### Reaching the best projection

Due to the differences between browsers and operating systems it is not always possible to reach a perfect match between content in the editor and PDF. However, thanks to flexible configuration, adjusting couple of configuration options can make the difference hardly noticeable.

Make the editor width correspond with the chosen paper format for output file - e.g. for the `A4` format (which is used by the export service [by default](https://pdf-converter.cke-cs.com/docs#section/PDF-options/Page-format)) the editor width should be equal to `840px`. Then mind the margins - if they are changed for the PDF using [custom config](https://pdf-converter.cke-cs.com/docs#section/PDF-options/Margins), also update them for editor using {@linkapi CKEDITOR.addCss} method. To take things a step further you may experiment with {@link guide/dev/example_setups/README#document-editor Document Editor setup}.

### Custom CSS rules

> Besides the inline styles, in order to mimic the editor content, all the CKEditor 4 CSS rules are sent to the service. But let's say your company has a strict heading color policy: it has to be <span style="color:#4B0082">indigo</span> (`#4B0082`), definitely not <span style="color:#483D8B">dark slate blue</span> (`#483D8B`)! Fortunately you do not have to remember to change it every time. It is possible to attach your own custom CSS stylesheet via {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config.exportPdf_stylesheet} configuration option or just add some styles with {@linkapi CKEDITOR.addCss} method.

Author: For classic editor I decided to mention [`config.contentsCss`](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html#cfg-contentsCss) method instead of `config.exportPdf_stylesheet`, as it has basically the same use cases but makes more sense as the changed styles will already be visible in the editor, not just in the PDF.

### Output file configuration

A number of options like output file format or margins can be set in the {@linkapi CKEDITOR.config.exportPdf_options} object. It is sent to the service along with the HTML and CSS and processed on the server side. To check out the possible configurations, visit the [service documentation](https://pdf-converter.cke-cs.com/docs).

### Data preprocessing

> Plugin provides a custom {@linkapi CKEDITOR.editor#exportPdf exportPdf event}. It can be used for custom data processing (e.g. to ensure the output text will be black, not <span style="color:pink;background-color:yellow">pink on yellow background</span>). Editor uses it too, so just remember to add the right priority to the listener:

Author: I also linked to a community plugin: https://ckeditor.com/cke4/addon/base64image.

> Plugin provides a custom {@linkapi CKEDITOR.editor#exportPdf exportPdf event}. It can be used for custom data processing (e.g. to ensure the output text will be black, not <span style="color:pink;background-color:yellow">pink on yellow background</span>). Editor uses it too, so just remember to add the right priority to the listener:

Reviewer: That's a good idea, however... Basically, by mentioning community plugin we recommend it so we should make sure everything works fine there. Also there are [more base64 image plugins](https://ckeditor.com/cke4/addons/search/plugins/base64) so we should link to the most reliable one :thinking: Or we could link to list of all image base64 plugins (e.g. `https://ckeditor.com/cke4/addons/search/plugins/base64`).

Since we have issue for converting images to base64 representation already reported I'm not sure if this mention is needed?
